Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
You may have seen "Animal Tower Battle" recently on Twitter
I often upload things like competitive videos, right?
Simply put, the animals are gradually stacked
And if the animals fall from the podium, you lose, that type of game
It seems eaaasy~
Me? I'm probably very good at those types of games
I feel like I can do it
If it's this...
I think it’s cool
With that being said
LET’S GO!
I can go with this
Today I will show you my cool side... I wonder
Just kidding
Rhino
2 Rhinos
Oh!
Mr. Tiger
AH! I made a mistake
AAAAAAH!
Umm....
Well, what happened just now was, uhh... a slipup
You know there are times when that happens
Mr. Tiger~
Mr. Turtle
I see, I can put you on top
Another Mr. Tiger
2 tigers
Huh? You're not falling?
You fell?
Finally!
A game where I can show my cool side has been released
Mr. Tiger~
The goat is cute!
Oooh! The instability!
Mr. Camel~
Okay!
Wow! Giraffe!
Uh... this... you really don't want a giraffe to come if it would be your turn, right?
HUAAAAAA!
HAAAAAAH!
Huh? Aren't you all weak? Are you okay?
Is this too easy?
Eh? What, what??
HUH?!
What the... I can put it here
Will he fall?
Oohhh
Eh? I can do something like that?
This guy is quite reliable
WHAT'S THAT?!
I'm getting better with these playthroughs, right?
Then, I'll leave you here
AH!
That's amazing! Like a miracle
Easy now, you'll fall
Easy now...
I did it! I did it!
Huh?
Everyo- *unintelligible*
As expected, it’s, you know...
In a game, the A.I is stronger
It's really showing
Ahh
Forgive me
Pfft...
You fell though...
Well, however...
This is quite...
A game that I can do, right?
Ah, this, I'll leave it here
Ohh! That's good, right?
It's fun, right?
It's a panda
FALL!
GO! FALL!
GO!
Aaahhhh...
No way
If a giraffe came now, it'll be bad
Yes, that's good
DON'T FALL!
Oh! Oh! Oh! WOW! AMAZING!
My turn is coming
You're going to go there? Mr. Elephant?
AHHHH!
Huh? Wow, wow, wow!
This is a miracle
Wuh? Wooow!!
To think you can do something like this
AAAHHH!
I've done it now
*snickers*
Like this?
Ooohhhhh...
A giraffe again?
The giraffe looks difficult
Ah! That's good
He can read the atmosphere
WAIT!
NOOOOOOO!
From here...
Will be the real showing of AI's strength
Huh... somehow...
It seems like can't do anything cool
Like this... being slowed down is really great
GIRAFFE AGAIN!?
Ah.. wait... I touched it
Wouldn't it be better if I could rotate it before I touch it?
OOOOHH!
Oh!
That's good
Fall!
Ah
Ah..
AH!
Huh?
Please be a giraffe...
That's not it
Good
C'mon!
FALL! FALL!
Ah, it's not falling
What a miracle
Mmm...
I want to put it in
Mmm!
MMM!!
Ah, but that's a good look
Okay, let's go
Okay
Ooohhh...
This is...
Bad...
Oh
WAIT!
Oh! Oh! Oh?
What's going to happen with this?
You can't see at all
Where did my hippo go?
Hippo!
But, but...
It means it's fine, right?
HAAAAH!!
I WON!!
Weeell...
How was that everyone?
Even though I always play badly... with games...
But!
That's... only so that you won't get used to the controls
Because of a simple game like this...
You’ll get a real sense in gaming
In other words...
It's like this
Well then, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Sushiplox and ととと